2a.    My artifact is about the innovation musical encryption. My artifact is a video on what it is and how it sounds in real life. The purpose is to explain how musical encryption is used and the steps of encryption. I show the function of Musical Encryption by encrypting the phrase “AP Computer Science Principles”. I then show me turning the notational text into musical written notation. After that I give the viewer the output of this encryption which are the notes being played.

2b. First I used my phone to record my screen and me talking. I then recorded the music I created from the Innovation. I then opened up Adobe Premiere video editing software), then added all of the parts in a sequence.

2c.     My innovation that I am writing about is musical encrypting.With musical encryption people can make fake songs to send a message to an agent. Or someone could put a layered encryption method and can be another layer to a very encrypted message. Along with encryption this method is good for just casually sending messages. Again this is easily encryptable. That is great for on the spot encryption and decryption. Because the words add up in real time like language. This “language” is literally the language of music. It is relatively easy to learn this encryption. And new learners can use the cheat sheet. The innovation is pretty easy to crack though. There are patterns like periods and question marks. But without the knowledge of the graph key it is hard to start cracking. This also has to have time spent to learn it if it is rolled out to the FBI or private agencies. It is not likely  but would be a problem if it was introduced. It could spark concern for existing songs. It might bring false attention to coincidences like songs saying illegal things. The cracking of this would not be super invasive if it was layered but it makes the message being encoded twice as long so layered encoding would be difficult to keep short for manual decoding.

2d.	My innovation takes in a message, uses a set of rules of the customized encryption and outputs an encoded message.  This encryption ~doubles the amount of space used for a message normally. This is a pretty loud way to send messages though because it can create noise. So it would have to be given via headphones radio or by phone for secret messaging.The function and purpose of musical encryption is to have a unique way of encrypting a message for people with the need to hide things to have musical security. “a1 b3   c1 a3 f2 b3 g3 f3 e1 d3   e3 c1 b2 e1 g2 c1 e1   b3 d3 b2 g2 c1 b2 b3 e2 e1 e3” is an example of an encrypted message. It is visualized here as this text. This shows that a message can be encrypted already and that it has a constant language. This example says “AP Computer Science Principles”.

2e.     “Musical Cryptogram.” Wikipedia, Wikimedia Foundation, 25 Feb. 2018, en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Musical_cryptogram.
Yamuna, M., et al. “CRYPTOGRAPHY USING MUSIC NOTES.” Journal of Global Research in Computer Sciences, Research and Reviews, www.rroij.com/open-access/cryptography-using-music-notes-100-102.php?aid=38226.

